well howdy there in another people its
Bo again so tonight we're going to talk
about the scars of history you know
there's a lot of times people look
around look at a situation like why is
this happening because they don't have
the context it becomes really easy to
understand what's happening today and
tomorrow if you know what happened
yesterday there is a situation that's
unfolding that fits this in the
Mediterranean right now I think most
people know the story of the st. Louis
especially the people watching this
channel that's the name of the ship that
left Europe during World War two
carrying 900 Jewish refugees first they
went to Cuba and Cuba said no then they
came to the United States the u.s. said
no went to Canada that Canada said no
nobody would take them so the captain
takes them back across Europe and drops
them off in different countries it's
estimated that about a quarter of them
got caught sent to death camps where
they died that's the story of the st.
Louis today it will be the ninth day by
the time you guys watch this there's a
ship that has been sitting idle for nine
days off the Italian coast it's called
the open arms or open arms it's got a
hundred and twenty something refugees on
it from primarily Ethiopia and Tunisia
the Italian government won't let them in
neither will anybody else in Europe
apparently a lot of people are asking
well why do they want to go to Italy
scars of history Ethiopia was an Italian
colony so they're looking to Ethiopia
for help it's kind of why the people
from Honduras and El Salvador are coming
here they know us there's that
relationship we were down in their
country so they know us
Tunisia's a little bit of a different
story because it was never officially a
colony of Italy it was a protectorate I
think during World War two for a year or
two but the only reason it wasn't a
colony was because it had been a colony
in practice for so long that once
colonization started the Italians didn't
think they needed to do it and they got
really mad when the French did it in
fact that was what I'm Lu Cellini's
goals during World War two that's why
they're going there that's why they're
looking to Italy for help that
relationship has been around
it's transcended governments types of
governments that relationship between
the people of the area that is now
Tunisia and the area that is now Italy
has been around since Italy was known as
Rome I mean it's it's it's been around a
really really long time but now because
it's this extreme form of nationalism
has reared its ugly head again they're
sitting there off the coast the captain
is being threatened
it's insane it is inciting
you know if Trump was smart he could
stop these these attacks overnight bring
them here and just go ahead and say for
every person killed in one of these
attacks well we're gonna let invite
refugees they would stop overnight they
would stop overnight and he's not gonna
do that because I mean give a thumbs up
a picture right the scars that we're
creating today they're gonna have
backlash to the children that are
separated from their parents they're
gonna remember to remember it
the American citizens that are growing
up right now and hearing these stories
from their classmates and neighbors
they're going to remember it
everything that happens changes what
happens tomorrow
it's just a thought I have a good night